Removing Helm from instructions (#136)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-cloud-ibm: README.adoc

// Deploying the microservices
// =================================================================================================

// =================================================================================================
// Deploying the microservices
// =================================================================================================

=== Deploying the microservices

Now that your container images are built, deploy them using a Kubernetes resource definition.

> A Kubernetes resource definition is a yaml file that contains a description of all your deployments, services, or any other resources that you want to deploy. All resources can also be deleted from the cluster by using the same yaml file that you used to deploy them. The `kubernetes.yaml` resource definition file is provided for you. If you are interested in learning more about the Kubernetes resource definition, check out the https://openliberty.io/guides/kubernetes-intro.html[Deploying microservices to Kubernetes^] guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Kubernetes resource definition is a YAML file that contains a description of all your deployments, services, or any other resources that you want to deploy. All resources can also be deleted from the cluster by using the same YAML file that you used to deploy them. For this guide, the `kubernetes.yaml` resource definition file is provided for you. If you are interested in learning more about the Kubernetes resource definition, check out the https://openliberty.io/guides/kubernetes-intro.html[Deploying microservices to Kubernetes^] guide.
```

[role="code_command hotspot", subs="quotes"]
----
#Update the `kubernetes.yaml` file in the `start` directory.#
`kubernetes.yaml`
----

kubernetes.yaml
[source, yaml, linenums, role='code_column']
----
include::finish/kubernetes.yaml[]
----
[role="edit_command_text"]

> The [hotspot=18 hotspot=39]`image` is the name and tag of the container image that you want to use for the container. Update the system [hotspot=18]`image` and the inventory [hotspot=39]`image` fields to point to your `system` and `inventory` container images. Remember to replace `us.icr.io` to your registry and `[your-namespace]` with the namespace you created earlier in the guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [hotspot=18 hotspot=39]`image` is the name and tag of the container image that you want to use for the container. Update the system [hotspot=18]`image` and the inventory [hotspot=39]`image` fields to point to your `system` and `inventory` container images. Remember to replace `us.icr.io` with your registry and `[your-namespace]` with the namespace you created earlier in the guide.
```

> Run the following commands to deploy the resources as defined in kubernetes.yaml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to deploy the resources as defined in the `kubernetes.yaml` file:
```

docker build -t system:2.0-SNAPSHOT system/.
```

> Since you built a new image, it will have to be pushed to the repository again. On the following `docker` and `kubectl` commands, remember to replace `us.icr.io to` your registry and `[your-namespace]` with the namespace you created earlier in the guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you built a new image, you need to push it to the repository again. In the following `docker` and `kubectl` commands, remember to replace `us.icr.io` with your registry and `[your-namespace]` with the namespace you created earlier in the guide.
```
